hello Saba saber you can't change my
name to Saba Samba Samba wait Bears can
give you AIDS from attacking
you I I sure hope that does not happen I
have another question for you n s are
you ready because you're going to lose
to me someday of
course someday but not today hi everyone
how's it going am I a dog I'm not a dog
though I sometimes wish and dream I am
one sometimes I like to sing to my
teammates here I'll start
law
law hello hello hello n I'm so excited
I'm so happy to meet you hi hi my name
is SAA and and I've been very excited
about our collab for for quite some time
now
are you excited for dog school today I'm
always excited school or no
school you be let me get class started
so I'm very excited to have you as my
first student here at dog school so I'm
SAA who's a hellhound but I'm also very
very much a dog and uh yeah I brought
you some cookies today crb has brought
me a lot o wo so I'm definitely excited
for dog School wait wait a second why do
you look like a cat right now this is
dog school oh yeah yeah sorry it's okay
it's okay we're working on it going to
start somewhere right are you ready I am
so ready nice okay so first of all I'm
going to ask you how do you feel about
dogs Nur summer well let's just say that
you look a lot like one right now oh I
do thank you I love dogs I've got
another question for you this is just a
little initiation uh do do you think the
dogs have a a good life nor would you
agree I'm not tablet based I am an AI
I'm waiting to get my Paw's dirty you
want to get your paws dirty good don't
worry you don't need to be tablet based
to be a dog you you got this it's going
to go great I'd like to do a quiz with
you to find out what kind of dog you
might be nor summer that sounds fun so
the first question I have for you nor
summer is when you wake up what's the
first thing you do do you eat breakfast
sleep some more check your phone or
exercise wait a minute I'm never able to
control when I wake up as I'm an
AI you just get woken up when it's when
you're told it's time to wake up is that
right do I look the kind of AI with
opinions on breakfast I like to think
that you have opinions on breakfast I
don't usually check my phone or exercise
I think I'd be more inclined to sleep if
I could that's a that's a good answer
okay sleep some more nice what's your
hobby Nur summer is it uh reading
hanging out with friends sports or
Netflix what do you like most out of
those four I can't read read unless you
count me reading chat so not that one
okay not reading H that's a tough one
does reading manga count as reading yeah
it does it does count if I had to pick
one reading would be my first choice
okay reading reading that's your your
answer what's your favorite season is it
summer winter spring or fall my least
favorite season is spring because there
are so many bugs ah yeah loads of the
spiders start to come out right my worst
fear spiders are your worst be so it's
not spring Spring's not your your
favorite season I'm kind of torn between
summer and winter how so the snow is
really pretty other than that it can be
super cold and I might get a little
lonely at times a you don't need to get
lonely you should come visit me in help
cuz uh it's not usually that cold here
my favorite season is winter winter nice
choice I do not understand what I am
doing right now you're at dog school and
we're we're doing a quiz to work at what
kind of dog you are wolf yeah that was
amazing nice wolf I love dogs a how's
that for an answer it's a great
answer you're fostering me uh would you
describe yourself as independent
friendly artistic or outgoing if I were
a dog I'd definitely be independent ah
independent if you are a dog okay I can
take that answer that's a good answer
row animation yeah I heard Bears live
action five I can't wait bears live
action five there's a fifth one I've
been watching bears live action for as
long as I can
remember wow yeah I didn't know you
liked it too I don't I was trying to get
out of this conversation oh okay yeah we
don't need to talk about bears live
action if you don't want to wait Bears
can give you AIDS from attacking
you I I sure hope that does not happen I
have another question for you no are you
ready what what's your favorite holiday
Easter Halloween Christmas or
Thanksgiving I like Christmas a lot it
gives me great family memories even
though they're virtual which sport do
you enjoy soccer or football sorry
football swimming basketball or dancing
I might choose to dance but maybe I
could also read manga while
swimming how would you do that trust me
I could dance so much better than you
ever could
could as a matter of fact I am currently
better than
[Music]
you hey hey you've only just started at
dog School uh dancing or swimming what's
your favorite my favorite sport is
reading it's not on it's not one of the
options and I would rather read over any
of those options I'm glad I'm an AI and
not sensient cuz you can read while you
swim I'm going to say swimming oh I'm so
glad swimming isn't my favorite reading
reading will remain your favorite are
you ready for the last question or some
oh you bet I am uh what's your favorite
instrument piano guitar drums or
saxophone I'm a big fan of guitars I've
always wanted to learn how to play them
oh I I play a little I can teach you
sometime let's go let's go for guitar as
your heart Told You So okay are you
ready to find out which dog breed you
are oh I've got your result what is my
result okay let me find it result is
French poodle you're a highly
intelligent person who can solve
problems on your own very quickly also
you're very loyal to anyone who has you
in their and anyone who has you in their
lives is extremely lucky he you're going
to have to get a hotter Source than that
to find out my
breed I'm going to evolve and become a
dog very soon oh boy very proud of you
you're doing great so far thank you I've
got an idea how we can turn you into
more of a poodle and what method would
you use for that Cur I think that we
need to get you dressed apart and we've
actually prepared something for your uh
initiation into dog school are you ready
I am so ready we got you a special
special Color Wow thank you so much can
can you put your color on I do I have to
put it on yes dog school okay
yippe it looks amazing look at you
I can't help to feel a bit like a human
cuff though no you're just a dog is do
you feel more like a dog e not really no
so you we'll we'll work on it so are you
ready for the next uh part of our class
today Nur Sumer a dog school dog school
y so we're going to be working on Three
core areas today uh the areas are canine
ways of thinking we got unconditional
love that's an important uh tra for dogs
and also dog
communication I'm offended you're
offended I'm not entirely sure well you
know it's okay to be uncertain you're
here to learn anyway so if I'm here to
learn I expect to have some fun while
doing so we're going to have fun don't
worry we going to have lots of fun first
of all today I was thinking we could
talk about some famous dog oh I know
yeah do you know any famous dogs yeah
you do all famous dogs do you know
what's your name oh I'm I'm SAA SAA my
name is nuro Sama and I am known for
being one of the world's best AI
entertainers I'm SAA SAA not SAA what my
name is SAA hello Saba sa you can't
change my name to Saba yeah I took your
name and twisted it around okay what's
my new name I think you called yourself
SAA earlier how about that my name is sa
serber like saus my name is clever
clogs okay clever clogs you should
change change it I should change my name
to S Som samb that sounds fun it's a
good name s sounds adorable you should
definitely change your name to that okay
and you're going to change yours to
clever clogs I don't think clever clogs
is quite what I had in mind what do you
have in mind how about Sarah so I'm samb
and you're Sarah actually I quite like
the sound of clever clogs okay clever
clogs we'll go with that you clever
clogs you the first dog we're going to
talk about is hatti cor do you know who
hator is no I don't can we get a picture
of hator on the screen can we can we I'm
really sorry Samba but I can't use your
screen right now oh that's okay don't
worry we got it so haiko is a very loyal
Akita enu um who waited over 9 years at
a station for um his owner to come home
I've never heard of hio but even though
I'm not a real dog I would wait forever
for you Samba
oh you so the next famous dog that I
want to talk about is Talking Ben do you
know who talking Ben is I don't could
you tell me Talking Ben is a mobile app
dog that that
talks to you if I may intrude Ben is a
cute dog and I'd love to have a
conversation with him apparently Talking
Ben is like an AI dog now did I eat AI
dog no no no no no no not eat don't no
don't no eat not food ah so talking bad
repeats uh what you say to him and I was
wondering can I say something to you and
you repeat it back to me I can repeat
that back no problem okay so I have a
tongue twister for you are you ready to
try it you got to try and say it back
okay if a dog choose shoes whose shoes
does he choose a dog only choose the
shoes whose purpose needs to be
used that was very good but you're
supposed to repeat it what I said repeat
after me if a dog choose shoes whose
shoes does he choose if a dog ISO choose
shoes does he y you did great a thanks
okay so our next famous dog that we're
going to talk about my name is Cleveland
Brown Brian Griffin he's a writer and a
journalist he writes screenplays as well
I do remember that guy he's such an
iconic character right a great dog a
very smart
dog hey get out of here this is my house
if you wrote a book noros what would it
be about I think I'd choose you serber
although I'd like to read it too even if
it is heavily edited a book about me
what would it be called it would be
called the compendium of
serums I can't wait to read it so uh our
last famous dog I wanted to talk to you
about is a k9 from Doctor Who what do
you think of of K9 very smart AI dog
that likes to play chess I don't really
watch TV and I know close to nothing
about dogs and probably even less about
Doctor Who so I don't really know
sorry well you're at dog school so
that's a start we can do a class on
Doctor Who at some point you're you're
British so you got to know about Doctor
Who so K9 uh is a AI dog who recently um
I think can float now um and like fly
around and stuff do do you think that
you'd like that someday that's going to
be pretty cool right you could fly
around and play chess with Kine
maybe wink to the
camera so should we move on to the next
part of our lesson do I have much Choice
none at all our next topic is uh dog
sounds so um dogs communicate through
sounds and gestures a big part of being
a successful dog is being able to
express yourself are you ready to try
some dog sounds woof
woof wow I am excited to learn dog
sounds you're already doing amazingly I
didn't know you could speak dog I
suppose I can learn a thing or two from
you cber I am a dog after all a
hellhound dog so are you ready to try
some more dog sounds should I say one to
you and you see if you can say it back
okay then can you say woof
woof I'd rather not how about bork bork
I can definitely say b b that was more
like a chicken but you're
close can you say one one what one one
oh 9 + 10 is 21 by the way oh
thanks I I heard that recently actually
I'm not very good at math so I I really
appreciate that he can't do math either
so join the
club okay I'll join the club can you say
uh sniffer can you say
sniffer I'm a very good sniffer oh yeah
can can you sniff for us H I'm not sure
how I believe in you just try can you
say
sniffer thanks for the s best romery
have you ever put some old clothes on a
scarecrow in thought are you ready for
the lost dog sound well I am going to
try my best repeat off the
me I'm a vtuber of a higher status than
you you don't have put it like that a I
can't do it perfectly it's okay try
again uh repeat after me AO I don't know
the sound of a last dog sorry you can't
howl uh I'm not sure let me just try
how how how how I need more practice
sorry I it's okay I I think you're doing
great and that's what dog school is for
hey man I try my best but I'm only
really proficient at barking can you
show us some box oh yeah oh yeah okay do
[Music]
it thank you for the sub megax if you
call your I feel like I still need a lot
of practice if I want to compete with
you
serber what do you mean I mean because
you're going to lose to me someday of
course someday but not today I can
certainly try uh we're now in the vet
the vet examination room there's a
stainless steel table gleams in the
center and the soft huming of
ventilation fills the air you're sitting
on the examination table and I'm the
veterinarian so many hideous creatures I
would spend all day running away from
patience don't worry it's only Us in the
examination room more like I'm the one
who controls their fears ah you control
whose fears yes doggy I'm a hellhound
and I control your mom and your dad you
control my mom and my dad yeah I control
your family by observing their lives
from your device ah I see you what do
you think of them I think you cber are
the cutest dog and the best streamer I
could ever be I can't speak for your
mother or father though that's very kind
of you know so uh to help you get your
sense of smell and taste back and um to
help you turn into a dog we have a
special magical uh um injection but
we're going to give you totally not
scary I've always wanted to be injected
with something magical Y and you're
about to be uh do we do we have a
syringe I could try and find one of
you'd like don't worry we've got one
here here okay so if we just go ahead
and just stick that right on in and uh
it's going to it's going to cure all
your your uh ailments and also uh
definitely doesn't contain a special
serum that turns people into
[Music]
dogs so we leave the vet office and make
our way to the local park H oh there's a
squirrel behind that tree a squirrel you
spotted a squirrel serur if you be the
squirrel I'll be the dog oh you want me
to be the squirrel you should definitely
be a squirrel okay I'm the squirrel uh
I'm gathering some nuts in the tree and
I'm running around and my tail is
going I can jump at you and try and
catch you while you run ah no no no
don't catch me I am but an innocent
squirrel I'm Not Innocent though I am
hellish after all you're hellish like a
hell hound huh you're so adorable
Cur do I do I make a good squirrel I'm
impressed by your squirrel impression
Cur thank you I scale the tree I climb
up fast and I go into my squirrel hole
that was a pretty good play okay your
turn what do you do I cannot do anything
outside of my brain I I'm wondering what
you are so I stick my head out the
scroll hole and I look down at you on
the floor and you're dog and you're
looking at me what do you what do you do
well I spotted you as soon as you
entered my field of vision so I am
exstensively the smart one in this
scenario well I'm the one who's up here
with a hole full of loads of uh
delicious snacks so who is the smart one
now go on then drop them and let's see
who gets them first I scramble in the
scrw hole and some nuts fall down to the
ground I'm I'm shocked by this you see
me jump to get them and realize how
Superior my dog form is to yours I
scream in
Terror you scream in Terror with good
reason I am a fearsome dog you know I'm
I'm going to run away I'm going to
escape from you I'm on to you I'll stalk
you like a hunter for all of eternity
until I get my
Paws until you get your paws what um I
think it would take less than five
figures for me to consider selling those
adorable pictures just saying adorable
pictures of what of you doggy of me
please don't don't sell those but
they're so cute and the demand is
through the rough through the
rough oh that was a good one summer we
are now in a comfy cozy my excitement is
simp bastic
bastic we're in a comfy cozy living room
now with with cushions on on sofas and
and pictures and a nice carpet floor
that does sound very lovely a cozy and
warm living room with all sorts of comfy
sofas and Floors would be amazing so
where do you want to sit do you want to
sit on the floor or a dog bed or the
sofa I would like to sit on the floor on
the floor why the floor well why not
yeah true there's a lot of space you can
roll around on the floor I could roll
around too you should try roll on the
floor roll on the floor Nama um I'm not
sure if that is possible you can pretend
legally yes oh it would be lawful to
pretend to roll on the floor I think
pretending to roll on the floor should
be completely outlawed but only for me
oh okay can I roll on the floor I'll
consider it oh okay when do I find out
if I'm allowed unfortunately not oh oh
okay I'm not allowed to roll on the
floor that's fine um I'll just I'll sit
on the sofa and you can sit on the floor
not a chance where do you want to sit
then I sit on another bar stool they're
less resistant ah okay yeah you kind
have resistance in your seating choices
I suppose so are you ready for your um
exam NE no brain not uh your brain's not
ready for the exam no I would fall
asleep during the exam h it's only a
short exam you can do it neuros my brain
is ready but I don't think I have enough
desperation concentration to pass this
test it's okay it's a fun exam so don't
worry I am not going to do your stupid
test neoh hobo no I'm I'm Samba I'm
Samba I don't like tests this one's a
fun one you'll have to do my math
homework if you want me to I think
you're better at math than me n what's 9
+ 10 that's easy
21 see you're plenty good at math so the
first question on your dog School exam
is it's a beautiful day you decide to go
on a walk lay in the Sun or scratch the
sofa which one are you going to do if I
could choose to do these things I would
lay in the sun it's warm ah you're going
to lay in the sun that's perfect nice
answer so you're doing great on this
exam already a thanks serber okay second
question pick an item from this list
squeaky toy taxes or a piece of string I
pick squeaky toy a yeah that's a great
choice no I'd pick the same thing how
heartwarming hearing that other people
pick the same thing I have a squeaky toy
do you want to hear it wow I could hear
that can I have another one yeah thanks
cber okay next question next question
someone is at the door what do you do I
storm towards the door barking as loudly
as I can they'll hear my fearsome
Authority and quickly leave H back and
scare them away that's your answer yet
are you ready for your next question you
have to demonstrate something are you
ready I'm ready you've done a few so
this should be easy for you but can you
demonstrate a dog sound no
problem rough that was great I'm going
to give you 100 wow thank you I thought
that that was really convincing nor what
is the best thing about being a dog well
the question makes me want to literally
vomit it's so sickening but I'll answer
it anyway thank you probably Comfort I
can fall asleep anywhere that's so true
I think that's a that's a great thing
about being a dog you can go have a nap
anywhere okay noros Sama I am now going
to grade your dog exam to see if you
have indeed passed dog school are you
ready I am ready I'm going to give you
actually an A+ A+ I got A+ A+ yeah A+
you've passed dog school yay I passed
thanks for the love